service_date      | character varying(20) |           | extended  
vehicle_number    | integer               |           | plain
leave_time        | integer               |           | plain
train             | integer               |           | plain
badge             | integer               |           | plain
route_number      | integer               |           | plain
direction         | integer               |           | plain
service_key       | character(1)          |           | extended
trip_number       | integer               |           | plain
stop_time         | integer               |           | plain
arrive_time       | integer               |           | plain
dwell             | integer               |           | plain
location_id       | integer               |           | plain
door              | integer               |           | plain
lift              | integer               |           | plain
ons               | integer               |           | plain
offs              | integer               |           | plain
estimated_load    | integer               |           | plain
maximum_speed     | integer               |           | plain
train_mileage     | double precision      |           | plain
pattern_distance  | double precision      |           | plain
location_distance | double precision      |           | plain
x_coordinate      | double precision      |           | plain
y_coordinate      | double precision      |           | plain
data_source       | integer               |           | plain
schedule_status   | integer               |           | plain

